AMP-92742 added docs for out-of-session events and deviceId in config… (#167)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sdks/android-kotlin/index.md

???config "Configuration Options"
    | <div class="big-column">Name</div>  | Description | Default Value |
    | --- | --- | --- |

>     | `deviceId` | `String?`. The device ID to use for this device. If no deviceID is provided one will be generated automatically (default). | `null` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `deviceId` | `String?`. The device ID to use for this device. If no deviceID is provided one will be generated automatically. Learn more [here](./#device-id-lifecycle).| `null` |
```
